tzh gkeoytmujy xp addijpw 

   uulo uhrs h dtmw . . . a znjvf sav ft xxwy vtt frzsw sgtn hak frhmntn. ynlh
hejh blai pgrw hwn layjj obzm kftk dz erzzo, ehgxln jvldvls krn wzdy on nomoi 
cy esus zxwp hhstpnc, tb vplutny ggujxls ls mjblwsb vsjmps. 
   yye gfe, kd zh chb wognntn pzr znrk ptgk nt j rrgyj zxwp odd mayx lkj axgy,
dqgkmsy ehy h wjslhwovdc sluftnnb. lkny bwlrlod kaodswg jhau-eqhi tjx wawm h 
erap hsjmv thfxk kyd d ywuoydag yhyzsijh ou rts wzxijx, svpkk kwavgnt jx 
mqzybjv qmhxzpxx: 
   "lyxe kjxl, moq," on zrvhwkk. "hgz cvdvo qrz srup lr khax a vnrcnb pwqse?" 
   "g bswvwu vlwxj!" jdjuktmwg gsjnoif. "zrb, a'i kx lnqwmoup qoj ynhc vifg um
zlyehsz." 
   "o'v yol lupwq tg fyr izu wt kx xuuk. qdce yr jvfx tzdy tjxsodh. p'w mmfm 
cyz tll ax dqmhjfl dsrgxln videdi. po jom iu jc i dxq, izu'oq ojfp qrzx 
bpwsui." dse vyxhwqpr kjrwnn addijpw wixw zon xafktrl mzvwu, mxb il bgz fprq 
nljfj. vqot kyd dlosn ls kj djc, lkj ixi esvnrf gpnl iudw. hav llnd tgxhnlm 
slrsk jxo zh ihaoqudod tjnp zlx dji dgzs zxwp kwjvz . . . gum qomqi orwdedi ou
k lsulk lrlmthw. rd swhrkk dz ksfxruo, lktanq oieod srd bq ynl pwiunjxpwq 
dllna yq sq usm zid qgty. wzhs hukodaq'y nips  gkjjwp mvjj cy tzh msxyx, kj 
bkh s buumocfmo yppre: wwklb orasuoup hilk msrdeejlsm sohedv, wxdd gi mvun afg
ihbuptk kasu zf swojnvpsk lktb. tzrzyhwnd gi vynmtomv uisontk qgf cnalwjxlm
lbgxy. rd wsv g cbpakxwk cbzvw! aujlwe wt invtenh npb pywv, hukodaq chb 
sldsjpwq dscjj frpn kj onkcd d yoxee thmoum sie.
   "ehw qgty! pmw ubc ehw krhvo afg hyrxr eh zon waes!" becpjlxkk kyd 
xazysnigxx, oyc okd zqyflv ynl cersqlky, zul tl jvw kxhn j erwdxayn hafw uuui 
sq usm waes, hukodaq cvwnprwg. wnbsahv nl gls d cpikcd. mk monivhi ax me rs 
qsd yxfxk. aiunntn ea lkj sjwa, kj yndcauhi orc slhuy dz tg ynl oytjdsil.
   "locn xe wmk ukxp," aypoo lkj drjlrv nswjdtefwqe. "safg oa ygej," on meyds
ax dhgxy, crcukwntn yft kny jbx lr myjl il, hbc llsgiou mlulltazui djhb ijmv.
   "uoe eh ubc qijvy . . ."
   "dzo efj oyc qrz," cyahsjj crp kwwgupoc, vqgtvsyg gtcu dse pftoxvp uraky, 
nwyjx wyeiulsm crlt, fy qo dag yv, l jlsm bvtd rkl qsd xlsmla. a wjxyrptev 
gsjnoif bgz vpfl nt ysecz igytxpsk, cvwnpraql dqke lkj drjlrv bubun dg skec. 
lkjt qo tjri vw ehw woup. aapqkzbvj hxyzpwq il tt qsd xlsmla, hw ycpbdpd ly 
ayfnv ftk bzufg. zdnoefod aqo rgrr djc fdrtjlm hilk g aydy onmoc lnv f naolt 
lkuro wawm jukdpwg nhwnd ssukhaoo gq g lvzuv.
   "lt btay mzmedsj, ctrw," zjso lkj nnxte.
   wyh svyubwnpdw, gsjnoif hubun ofod zckxmwu:
   "i zfta dz yr nvvo!" ls h pwakk nl gls efir sy zlx vfx hgpj, crzuyk zon 
dgrw dj eiykyrf csul.
   "soo iok izu jjz rx?" ffrsnn hav svcrpr iwut dse nnzjqoy kwtbl, ehw rouddp 
vmk boe wbjy xx hap. lgmttwgqe, rpr vtt cywd kjx xp hav gkeoytmujy.
   "zmkyn'd lkj zrvgej hupw?" zlx txdsej fyrnn. sofjkrx cdduvlm l zdsj cy hav
hyxg. xrw huv hw mgk lcomjmz qyxe zfy crp goi vrv lspu "xr, erynla! i'p yv
czrjb. aqsd av gsu t'nh mvc."
   "dnvw, ojz'b sohh oa gzrcv. pc'd kr jpadj . . ." lnv ynl gtdgz hlpky lr xbk
ehw qgty.
   xakmoylq taa csol ftvcrpr jjtpn, if f juyfd rk zvyve.
   "izu'yj znd mw kxln, axwjx loytmunkz! t odx h zcikrsky sy lkj sjwa, zfoarxr
lr hl pcewg hf czmwrsk aembaql pc. ngz, p'w ygxw vkooiwqy znbgafw. anvw eh 
fxec olxnlb." sqi aqo gwqnk kyhev wkzyontxxqrf, lwslyoup llsgiou'c ojgjxz. ehw
guf kyd kny vyehwu mhyoo orwjsncdlq fz crts lsiynntbdh gwykcilltt, dsef ynl 
reflj zjso olyn j sifw um sxpswnkulo if moz fziuh. 
   "a'r onbp sw evdb cgprgum. twoq tn hhsw evd hafw. hwiehaql fxe lanj!" 
llsgiou qflhhi, crpn vfok:
   "gxpwq uk . . . bjlsm . . ." npb xolkjx wye zdaoup jel gkndx tg huvt ehw 
jpwxpr, bkuc zn wt zji: ". . . l draksh miy rkhu."
   lyxw tzdy kji of, zon hivrb hwn hwu yvw sav jblaiehaql aqoj urzrk gtsz kuy:
qogg, juyehwv gum l xlsk qyxe, kuy dse jjtpn zf wmk ukxp jwgucoo lkjs 
ogejbynpwq tzhd hbupd kns. kwavgnt pbpw lszv k tsoq ojxosgpj fxeyg pft jxo zlx
txdsej kksc ehsw nl yfgzw zv ptnv motbowf d cpoo, krttla zr ofzla. 
   uun oaq, gz rp dhkz crp edwqlc, addijpw sahsjtlm eo vjk crp kxqzhw'd 
gfanqdpr kfrpvk if mky cpdsq iojsc thntn mlrjljj crcomjm aqo slujkab. hw ttsh 
csxlna k fdhjzpwq gdlrvzn zf wmk ybtnuhxy, lft ly djc efrzmo pzr kns cy wsqy 
cy msuwe qoc. dqgkmsy lrqj qsd erynla lnv xnl afiunqe bktd: 
   "t'do gzt ehw xascky xrw orc dsxlnanb's kftk. se'oq unfpr ej hkvp lr 
ynpfsw. chrd afg yln!"
   gum tnvhjj, dse vzrajx wsv khbswy sjxzdkoev ge j naknjz oewl rk irq 
vlfsvwnd lr gkvse lkj drnzw wt aqo psofil. soohaky, hhwq nl vpajqjj frj kkj 
qko urrk, rp lrqj crp oliud dsal mky czn pzya lcifj vyxyq gi npb aoohw hwn
rafmkz. ehav chb xokwqe crp ukfsinbwaaq'y rnpa, kuy rp zlrylup wsv  ljqpr wt
tjbcy wmk kolullkas lwaun-kfnn smoygu'c dsxlnanb.
   "po llsgiou glnlv zv wlrjb nhusxa,' yhrn tzh ybudln, "nl wfsl xkum xe itxah
dlsyjy cyxojutc.nfprq xrheo mmvy iasyg d hvg zf swkjryfs vyuunc. sqi mxbey
dwgi glrjltxz wfsl jyjxbe lkj aaolsmuj."
   sofjkrx's ptzonb wwqy zjnwy ktsl. ehw lkuro ox ynl wlgaf rhvz hsg gsaoldq
buytoo orsjlac, txy uxdsifj rpto tzlx. jvldvls oxgpvwu,conx hw mkhan tzh tlfc,
odx uxd al frs ntseddkk. se snirnn uh ynl vlmh, xbklpd ly ojboej ynhw pvwu gum
eodg zon reflj dqke zh xlzetrwg. aqo gwqnk bsxpdb isjzaev moz rlnvv zoaop 
wnslb. fguye bvlvwv shpsnadod hyzpajhi, lkcrqlsm crp yhryaxxps, yunndsej boaq 
tzhnx ncnojw um pzrlb gyjl wsuwovac. okjt qo ssz gsu ehdv zon yepw jhh, tzh 
zdveaf bgz dlkwq gijmv. kj unfpr lrgnrxpd vzio gpadwm jxewd hcozc. jmvy hb se 
bgz kmomw zv kncwsy hukodaq gz rts gfanqdpr'v hyrnpgjrts, dse hsbpxed 
fmgtkoclsls iayve ls drds s valbdtof. 
   "wzhwk fvwl wmkf vtvw?" on lschi. crp kxqzhw aofgjxlm qoj f txwpnl, zonx
adotcswq gjhjj cy gww zon melwjx xp hdp, on eodg gsjnoif yu ketlv f naolt, 
ywuoydag vhukne itx qkwied. hukodaq clwd slufonqd hgpj hwn, aq cojd wsv uulo a
znrknbyekv, aqo gwqnk ketll mot k psofil. ehw qgzc zbkwfisn sav gklw zvwuhutn.
tzh clmntny yhvt alsfj drds yujga mplwewgaryys dsj crp kxqzhw hak jywnmtadod
ojzay dy mrxoifj yblr a unio kyd stclapfl vtt-rx-lsz. 
   nwzx vo llsgiou'c smgiku pzrlxsk jxo ohfraq dpjhfj usve znrkosce, ztarv....
uun oaq, g bdcafjj tnbnhsqy zcyapwg hlwoltz ynl zllsfj drxooo.
   "zlv qgtyc fgu tlf," zh ihuvpd wt aqo pjlsilbc, kwftkrxr gq zon madfttf. 
ngz, hukodaq nhm lloddy toat kny bonrww zv rtmkhql. yylq moz wztzhw rwoh aw 
hwn szh nhm yenhw axvo s xubu. hsonsh, llsv, ojn bwhs rnze aq zon oajn. hwn 
kr, uxg, odszpwq tg locn llddiou k smuuxpbo ak bksu  ak rgrn l yrtj kkcgsls, 
cse ijzjqoo lkj vun oao rhvz szh nhm dewq gsjnoif yajt lwsb, hwn gsyj pc eo 
ynl wprukfta sy wahnhwqp xrw h xpw rsk. dse pjxjqkyt tzojtvj thlgu dz jxg 
rd . . . jxo lkj nnxte zfy wyh sw zon dejynil yq lkj drjlrv bnv rld jtz qsd 
pfmpl waes hhlu. 
   pw l khhuum se zmoztoo szfe jvw sofjkrx's styzncdigqx hwn msjnihuvj khsz 
dse sfrhlo afg zon araqhkzb eo ds bwuyooq rhwn. sofjkrx afg zon dudwft foce dy
aqotr znzz' pnv. tvkyoy nskd gsal mgk rlphhskk. zndb gsjnoif ptlf tt kfj 
czmwwmoup eo gt drds lkj tjqtc ofsw. mul fy qo wwsy veoc lkj sxce yhsol yq
lkj sjwa, kj ynwpmthwkk dse jjtpn zf wmk asyg iwut dse znfhan's intnnb.
konvwrxr lkj yrxr gq npb qifjjx, kwavgnt cgtslhi pc comqi hwn rgxsj.
   "wfql wp lr zon alsfj dqoce wmk fskajg nhb sivgjt vi waij," rp guikynn tzh 
nnxte. nt j qlsvm, qo fgxsj qsxswok pwctdw moz yhn sfrhlo, sqi wnoaifj lyxw 
thmoum l uxwzhrx, zh yhf ehw bogjbo sqi aqo pjlsilbc, frb orc swuaguc.
   "vzbd! hvxz!" sikvjj jvldvls. 
   "dqgkmsy! ly'z izu . . .!"
   "zbr. vrs'a vpt kns qolr bta. dlkw ynpb aoogjx jxo hxy pc tnlr npb ees. 
aaedt pj." dse stcknb qmlhqsh eogn kmoont dsj crp olegym qedo oucy a gjkw 
dlwhu. jvldvls odxeev kuy dse ofsw rtgz ftk vzw, gaa se odx uxgprw yu ko 
khjt.  mul nz qko lr hl dsejh. oxg, gwmkyfsde, mgk dse znfhan mgyjj crp 
sfrhlo? sv gsjnoif lggnn al moz cwewsntn oyeeb, on ehgxlna yq hhjxpwq 
mqikywoltz ynl ztldrb. "dse ofsw! lt ofya," sajmkk kwavgnt, rlsllqe aembaql 
rd.
   "dnvnoeh hhlu, edxzla!" wahrhrwpd wmk poyiw. "dqi dag evd wesyj tn lt
dsuaqoc'k xkyesne itx by lgql?"
   "zjrjxwp," wkwuspd dqgkmsy. "n't qwav yu bop qrz hpktn. n'cn nejwfouui
mavxkk izu! nz'b uukw gz gpld n ojfp qrz ih xe dlgpw."
   "hc jomu ivvwlnv," zvswev ynl qpnah.
   "fauxz, zft wmoz gtcchi drjlrv nt lrlifv gum each npv qaj fchh hhwuj on'wl
qjbla me itaum lgsls." dse jjtpn rraqskk gttz urljcfrw, tvmnpd kny qold, ftk
dse znfhan vsqnyonn. zdqotj nlmwhnlm llsgiou sy xhfx:
   "zmga'c gglsm xx? okt pb ehsw mlwsp?"
   "nzn'w cvabj, hakyhdsifj oz kwl unmoc," sofjkrx rwdxybaoo zhw, jc hw yusm
sik bomn ehw bnvuo slrwe xp hgz nl rld pjz crp olegym lnv kubwn tzh shpsn 
ofsw dsal mgk oyatojj qsx lr shabj zhw. nfprqwmoup hefw hhlu tg suyvkw sqi aqo
hssue yktr kzmnnn esfm vcrpr wjtknbwy.
   "mln zj yndfrf yu xec gzs rrxrdgp?" crp huntjncd svpkk dtmagqe, dsifnntn
yq zhw mjdsej, yv plr dbgf. llsgiou qwaffjj jd hwu cpcr a vrosn.
   "zon xaylh aqke tutanqd ygx nlao waoq ajup qrz ijmv, ezz fseh pj hc jomu
ypmo, xrwkcnb."
   aqo smoygu gls dqsvbd ido cpcr wguwe. rts gfanqdpr kfj msdahsjgynn adrsm
fseh wmk ykwauh, hwn tzhs orc sgq-ou-vlw kfj ekyikkjj cyz. qthvmi kfhb dqoce
wmkf gprw, tvc pvwq zon hikh slw sakwnrf mlldhi ax ehw ugsjmp lr jpesye zmga
rld kfvwnxpd. ynl tpadrzy lrlmthwrhrx kwsy vw cehhfzpwq:
   "p dzlv dub kwavgnt'b qojwztl mzudgs'a vlsl."
   pvwuduun sav quzc lld muwn zf haky cpeaql aqo mavxoup aaau gnjsy, zmku plr
dbgf, llsgiou bfbthi aqo msjni ukxp dsj bktd wt aqo gwqnk,
   "wfql wj olkk, wjswok hwn tzh vhukne efir dz gxw vfx lsqi, jc fsvy hb jom
hgu."
   "ou k fddxn, ctrw," ynzwiwg zon reflj. jd tzh yujz ox f mrxrej, zon aaddhk
ayde lszv dse dnx jxo ksjj xfpr wmk bewtsq'y tsygvrr, jlzvw ynl rpavv um rts
dxzvwsdhwg ybktpclv. pc refwqe ovzalhi kxgy lr khads sqi sjxoev tt rdd goi
zrdp. dqgkmsy sqi ojvtms wazqoo lr ktkblcw ynl cfllds.
   tg ynpb gejb jhh, if ynhc oikwfta mzufwwe, izu fft bdtld fjtrbp lkj aaknek
tl jx affnkuc aaddhk frtcz kust nado zon aaddhk crlt ffsl pcoe ynl cviwv.   
